there's a great one this is Chris and
today I've got another black ops
gameplay for you this time gots a
free-for-all on WMD now this game I want
to talk a little bit about skills and
going flawless I've been wanting to try
and get a flawless game for a fair while
now and you know when you can't just
like dominate the Year the rest of the
players and the game pretty quick with
it with a good score preferably with
zero deaths
I've not managed to do a full force yet
I've done flaws games where I've not
finished first like a team deathmatch or
a free-for-all we've gotta say you know
around 14 kills and zero deaths well yet
I've yet to have a full flawless game
and lots of floors game where it's you
know decent game players well not just
sitting in the corner with the gun
pointed oh don't wake him
so this game that I thought I'd thought
I'd eventually done it I was in I think
it was in this Lobby beforehand and I
got quite good score on the next game of
it changed my killstreaks up I quipped
spy plane chopper gunner and dogs and
equipped my trusty old ak-47 with jewel
banks and and went to town you can see
now I'm racking them up at the moment
I'm not sure what London what number
that is but basically hanging around
this bottom corner of the map would be
people keep coach seem to be yeah you
know coming by and giving me the
opportunity to take them out that's
brain from the hip and luckily mice to
get that guys I knew was coming he was
on the radio so he's all jump shot trick
didn't didn't work on me
so when have you gone flawless in in a
game in black ops is it just me was not
quite good enough I know there's plenty
of players on machine in MOOC and he
pulled them out of the bag every well
it's every time it's like I've got a
little bit practicing it but I was
nearly there in this much ends up being
a 13-2 but I get all the way up to my
chopper gunner and dogs
without any deaths at all so a good good
step towards a full flawless game I
thought it'd make a good a good game
play anyway
so you see there I've just got bigger
just got the hearing my ammo supply he's
depleting rather fast and I've got two
more to to get the to get the dogs and I
thought I'd pick up this PM 66 my Amazon
ran out anytime soon as a guy come in
any time now there he is that's number
nine so I need one more for the for the
dogs now usually this is where I died so
I've gone I've like attempted this
multiple times and every time I've died
just before they just before the dogs so
luckily managed to finish me off with
the the pm-63 to get the dogs they
called in straight away and find a
little hiding place in the bush for my
to call on calling the chopper gunner so
I'll probably fast forward this because
I've only can be a bit boring but
basically and I think there's maybe one
maybe two opportunities that I missed
you know I'm too busy trying to shoot
someone who was it looks like they're
accessible but like that guy I got a one
hit mark on him
spend a bit of time trying trying to get
the second one and it wasn't to be and I
think I missed first thing in the
meantime it was outside and I see that
one that one there that wasn't that was
another one so I think that was the the
main mistake in this game is paying too
much attention to the so that people who
are in buildings rather than keeping the
now for the ones who like who were
outside and as you'll see when I
finished this this chopper gunner
there's only only about two kills needed
so there we go of Chapel goodness
finished now I'm not really happy with
the gun I've chosen the m6 to do he's
not the best weapon and I could have got
thinking about there is there is a
another weapon on the floor some way
around this this area that could have
picked up I never thought at the time so
as you can see I only need two kills to
get the default flawless like I said was
probably two options opportunities in
that Chapel gun and I've missed that
looking a little bit more adventurous
and moving away from that general area
and I think of spot a guy in just a
second we've just sworn down there so
here comes society yeah I thought so
flash to give me a and I've won to get
hit mark winning sprint towards him but
is it got make if you look at the
killcam not flush didn't even do
anything to him so that was pretty
annoying so that's basically brewing by
my flawless game and I think the nerves
are probably getting to me that's have
basically waste almost a full clip
trying to get that guy I don't know
whether he was the host I walk that
posture that this guy heard me heard me
fired and Kevin picked me so that's
death number two so we're totally ruined
is in terms of a flawless game but it
didn't have been quite a good good score
and I thought this was this one was
going to be deafening for you but nice
to get him with it
oops brain so one more kill need it hits
and they're taking a little while so
maybe fast-forward this bit this it
takes everyone halfway around the map to
actually find someone so here we go
there's a guy up in this up in this
window I keep poking out to try and get
a sneaky shot going back keep seem to be
getting hit through the through those
canisters so I did a bit of a tactical
maneuver and around the other side and
and quickly quickly pegged him for quite
a quite a nifty game winning kill cam I
thought that was good hasn't been
another death on this scoreboard but we
managed to to outsmart him and keep my
outfit pretty I'm pretty much on target
to take him out so we're end up being 32
with the ak-47 Jill Mike's with chopper
gunner and attack dogs unfortunately
wasn't the flaws that I've won but
pretty good kill death ratio at 15 so
hopefully I'll get that floor soon so
well let me know your experiences of
trying to get flawless and I'll catch
you all later